readme.md, before:

<!-- PSEUDO CODE -->
When the user opens the game page there will be a full screen background "fantasy" image
The Text on the screen will display "Welcome to Magic the Gathering" 
underneath that i will have two buttons. one in the image of a 20 sided die, and the other saying "instructions"
the instructions page will open a link in a new tab with a text document explaining the rules
the die button will hide everything on the first page and pull up the game page
once the game page is pulled up, i would like to have an animation of a die being rolled.
once the die is rolled for the player, i would like the same animation for the enemy player.
whoever has the higher roll out of 20 goes first.
once the first player has been chosen i would like to animate the flipping of a card from the "library over to the "field of play" on both sides
the attack sequence will automatically happen
This is when the logic of the game takes place.
once the first character dies, i would like to animate the flipping of the card into the graveyard pile
after the card is sent to the GY i would like to simulate another card flipping from that players library onto the field of play
once this happens it automatically attacks opposing player. 
this continues until one player has 0 HP which causes him to lose and the opponent to win.
i want an alert to appear in the middle of the screen with a fantasy style background that says "you lose" or "you win"
on that alert i would like to add a restart button to reset the game back to the original hidden home page

Commit message:

Added additional html pages. updated the home page with images, text, and buttons. added clickable links

readme.md, after:

<!-- PSEUDO CODE -->
When the user opens the game page there will be a full screen background of a dark temple with candles 
in the middle will be a fantasy image (div) with the following 
The Text on the screen will display "Welcome to Magic the Gathering" 
underneath that i will have two buttons. one in the image of a 20 sided die, and the other saying "instructions"
the instructions page will open a link in a new tab with a text document explaining the rules
the die button will hide everything on the first page and pull up the game page
once the game page is pulled up, i would like to have an animation of a die being rolled.
***possibly try to have a smoke animation fill screen which transfers over to new page when smoke clears***
once the die is rolled for the player, i would like the same animation for the enemy player.
whoever has the higher roll out of 20 goes first.
once the first player has been chosen i would like to animate the flipping of a card from the "library over to the "field of play" on both sides
the attack sequence will automatically happen
This is when the logic of the game takes place.
once the first character dies, i would like to animate the flipping of the card into the graveyard pile
after the card is sent to the GY i would like to simulate another card flipping from that players library onto the field of play
once this happens it automatically attacks opposing player. 
this continues until one player has 0 HP which causes him to lose and the opponent to win.
i want an alert to appear in the middle of the screen with a fantasy style background that says "you lose" or "you win"
on that alert i would like to add a restart button to reset the game back to the original hidden home page
